for those who have just
joined this news from your
according to updated data there was an explosion
shocking shots america never
will fall authorities are trying to answer the question
who and why could do it
from you to me to intrusion information about
the explosion was not confirmed perhaps this
sabotage if we stumble
the situation has changed dramatically what the hell
take it and lose it
will anybody answer
only our fault is abraham lincoln
this summer from roland emericha director
movie on independence day the day after tomorrow
and 2012
our secrets will be used against
us
how much time do I have
channing tatum
jamie fox
but
we leave we leave
assault on the White House
script writer james vanderbilt
director roland emmerich since June 28